That is error handling and what you can do, some ideas on how to get started with error handling.
For the moment, I'll switch this rule back to true so that we can work with the data again
but it is worth keeping these concepts, these ideas in mind because it can be very helpful and will definitely
improve the experience
users have on your webpage
if you properly handle errors. Speaking of handling errors,
one last thing we could do here, in our alert,
of course we could also add a button,
where we say OK or anything like this
and this is simply there for the user to get rid of that error message, where we then trigger onHandleError
and now in that method in the app component,
let's add onHandleError and there, I simply set error back to null and
this will get rid of this error alert as well.
Now to see that, I will indeed quickly switch back to false here again so that we can get an error,
so let's fetch posts, here's the error,
let's click OK, now we get rid of that.
Now we see loading again and that of course should also not be the case
and indeed, the right thing to do would be to reset
this is fetching property
whenever we get an error as well
because even if we have an error, we are definitely not fetching data again.
So setting is fetching to false here in the error use case when we subscribe
is the right thing to do
because even with an error, you're not fetching data anymore, so that state definitely changed and therefore
it should be reflected in the UI too and in your data too.
So now with this changed,
here's the error and if we handled this, we just see no posts available which makes more sense than loading
I guess.
So with that out of the way however, let's now really switch this back to true
and now we have an error handling strategy that is very basic but a good start.